since we are here in New York I thought
it would be fun to see if I could get
and maybe you could get a cartoon
published in The New Yorker The New
Yorker is famous for their cartoons so a
few weeks of Guillermo and I set out we
came up with some ideas and we came up
with some pitches and we went to the New
Yorker magazine
[Music]
good luck me too
hi I'm Jimmy come take a seat we're the
new cartoonists I hear you're inspiring
me yes we would love to be published in
The New Yorker tell us about the process
of how we would go about getting
published so basically each week I get a
better thousand submissions that's a lot
yeah and then I whittled that down to
about 50 or 60 and I show those to David
Remnick the editor of The New Yorker and
at the end of the day we buy about
fifteen or twenty for the week does he
averaged start laughing hysterically
like he's what can't believe how funny
one of them was sort of getting them
looking at a lot of cartoons does he
ever come in drunk people would say you
know have a couple yeah so we've been
working on some stuff these aren't fully
realized drawings these are just some
sketches that we made and be honest just
you know as if we just came in off the
street okay okay so this is Jesus eating
a chicken leg all right where to begin
here have you seen in New Yorker cartoon
I just showed you so oh yeah I think
yeah yeah okay so that question is can
you convey in the art that this is Jesus
eating a chicken leg and then can you
somehow add an element it works sort of
alchemically with the drawing to make it
a joke
that's more than just Jesus eating a
chicken leg but has some sort of like
wry commentary on the whole ceiling so
we need a caption for that one mmm-hmm
maybe the second to last supper
maybe yeah okay su pper it's like super
except with an extra fee oh yeah see
that is starting to feel like a the tone
of a New Yorker cartoon all right here's
one from me all right
no these are two people at an airline
counter so here is one in terms of
parallels
comedy which I'm sure is something you
think about all this in other words
somebody did this one before so many
comfort emotional support animals things
have you had one where the animal thinks
he's the humanist if there's that added
on them it was on added that's the whole
element right there really that's the
whole thing
yeah okay you've convinced me this is
the power of in-person pitch sessions
this one the friendly donkey so I think
the friendly donkey there's a lot going
for him I don't know that it's a cartoon
[Laughter]
there's nothing friendly than a donkey
so this is supposed to be keen calm okay
yeah I think you're assembling a cast
sort of compelling surprising characters
you're building a world yeah right Oh
Guillermo mentioned King Kong I have a
King Kong
I had one Jerry it's 2019 you can't just
go around grabbing women anymore yes and
this King Kong you know he grabs women
and his name's Jerry which is kind of
fun I do like the use of the name Jerry
there all right put that in the maybe
all right here's like a millennial joke
I like this a lot I would need to know
that you had those sort of ability and
the finished art to make this
Millennials like have every single
detail about him right well these are
rough drawings I'm very very busy
Germanos yeah I mean I like that it's
not just a line with gin just a random
drawing to accompany it you're
definitely like starting to do more than
just it's just yes is what you're saying
in the long
okay all right here's one the bad news
is I'm not a dentist I currently have a
moratorium on buying bad dentist
cartoons really my soon-to-be
mother-in-law as a dentist but yeah I
don't see why your personal life should
interfere with my art work boy all right
well you just mentioned my so this is my
mother-in-law she's always angry I think
sometimes cárdenas get their revenge on
foes in there let me draw them I think
the drawing is top-notch
I would say that the way I would
envision this cartoon is so you have
this be a caption my mother-in-law is
always angry and what you have is a man
or a woman who is speaking this line to
a friend how about if there were two
Godzilla people but they look very
friendly and wholesome and then outside
the window we see Godzilla rampaging in
the city and the two people are like oh
my mother was always angry
that's yeah that would be the best thing
for me okay when we get to work on this
and then you will decide yep
officially one way or the other whether
we get in the new yorker so now I will
go literally to the drawing board and
come up with something that I hope is
judged to be strong enough to be in the
New Yorker
let's go alright the judge needs to
decide my fate from The New Yorker
magazine
please welcome Emma Allen and editor
David Remnick
[Applause]
this is this is a big moment and I have
the final drawing you've seen it already
you've evaluated it I will now show it
to our audience and here is final
drawing okay there it is as we described
Emma I felt like this was maybe your
favorite so this is the one I went with
what is your final decision your verdict
please see me I'm sorry it it didn't
work out what did it work out well I
mean thousand-plus cartoons I reviewed
that week this just wasn't one of the 20
funniest so next week it'll be in the
magazine then or what I welcome you to
continue to submit yes oh yeah spend my
whole life brightness up with cartoon
for you guys yeah oh my god this is
embarrassing I'm humiliated and not only
am i humiliated I'm humiliated in front
of my my hometown what am I supposed to
tell everyone at my victory party
[Applause]
guys put the cork back in the champagne
they didn't like it this might be the
lowest moment of my whole life gosh but
this to happen here in front of you I'm
out I'm so sorry
that you guys had to even see this it's
uh oh yeah I gotta tell you something
this is a real punch in the ole nuts and
what am I gonna do now
I guess I'm never gonna be a comic book
artists or cartoonist or any of that
stuff I've been rejected by New Yorker
magazine you pick those
[Applause]
hey you know you don't let this get you
down to pick those nuts up and you put
them back in your pocket what are you
doing here I am your guardian angel
Jimmy are you really no I am NOT I live
under the stage but I want to tell you
you don't get down this is just a
cartoon you don't need this just don't
worry you to see but my whole life has
been leading up to this and now
everything sucks because of those two I
know this is awful
it's just bad you're better than this
Jimmy you know you remember that you've
overcome bigger obstacles remember when
we first met mm-hmm you were just a
local producer of radio spots who were
living out of a van you had just been
let out of a sexual offender work
release program and now look at you you
got a whole show here with people love
you
I cannot stand to see my friend my
effervescent my talented friend my sweet
sweet Jimmy be upset about this two-bit
magazine what half of it is in italics
what is that
that's the magazine's in italics Oh
captain magazine is emphasized we're
right it is you don't need them you
don't need them Jimmy Kimmel you're
bigger than this America needs you this
audience needs you
Brooklyn needs you
[Applause]
[Music]
as you look out on the audience you've
got to understand benedict cumberbatch
ain't gonna interview himself jimmy
kimmel it's not gonna happen
you're cutting over this stage I kind of
know the gamut I could interview myself
else but I kind of know whether thing
goes
smells magnificent really does smell
nice like long tea you don't expect it
from up from a European you know
he cuts against the grain off its like
flowers yeah okay was just delivered to
us exactly but let me tell you something
than what I want you back out there I
want you to give these people the best
Kelly Ripa interview they've ever seen
in their lives
[Music]
I almost forgot it's just a little thing
I was actually able to get your cartoon
published somewhere where it's gonna be
seen by a lot more people than the New
Yorker have you ever heard of a little
place called Times Square yes
and where'd you become a
was wrong if they love it they almost
love it too much shouldn't you two be at
some cocktail party pretending I'm never
reading your magazine on the toilet
again
thank you John Stuart you're right if
you liked that video then put a ring on
it click the subscribe button below
Oh